docs: improve Storybook (#909)
SchwarzIT/onyx: packages/sit-onyx/.storybook/pages/support-components.mdx

import { Meta } from "@storybook/blocks";

{/* workaround for hiding the table of contents, see docs-template.scss file */}

<div className="storybook-hide-toc"></div>

<Meta title="support/About support components" />

# About support components

> Support components in onyx are utility components are mainly used to build up bigger components (e.g. a single checkbox that is used inside the checkbox group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support components in onyx are utility components that are mainly used to build up bigger components (e.g. a single checkbox that is used inside the checkbox group).
```

> Those support components are not mainly intended to be used individually but can be used as building blocks when needing to implement custom components in your project or customizing existing onyx components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those support components are not mainly intended to be used individually but can be used as building blocks when needed for implementing custom components in your project or customizing existing onyx components.
```
